I'm starting to notice that i really i
really have been given a talent and that
i should really pursue it because
there's so much coming my way right now
and I'm at a point in my life where I
can take many different paths so I need
to figure out what I want and I'm
starting to realize that dancing is it
you know a lot of people have to work
really really hard to get here so fact
that I'm here right now is just so
amazing and I'm so grateful to the
dancing that's a Minnesota in the
dancing that's up here is two totally
different things and I need to start
transitioning to what it is out here
there's a rawness in you then which is
exactly what you want to hang on to you
know did I tell you going to high school
reunion no is really going absolutely
one hundred percent my brother talked me
into going last night you're gonna see
Brenda Paco well I'm excited I'm excited
to go tomorrow night I got I got a
haircut nobody noticed that's right I
didn't notice but now that you say it I
still don't notice but it looks good oh
you're so much along did you stop by the
bank to get me five hundred dollars for
what you owe me oh yeah if I meet Brenda
barking we have a good time and she's
pretty though no guy I know I know yes I
have your five hundred dollars and you
know what else this is my first call
back today oh yeah yes so I'm actually
excited here I know what I'm better yeah
look who I hey you know I'm good how are
you it's good to see you too mom with
you she is she's downstairs that's cool
so that's exciting isn't it yes it seems
to how long ago was it when you were
here we figured out it was like six
weeks or something I mean it and I was
proud of you last time to us it was
weird we hear the first ah macdonald and
Selznick right and they're the ones that
worked with you and then they sent you
over to Carlton yep okay so I know the
last time he was like saying go back
home and do certain things did you I did
honestly I did well we talked to some
people in your hometown they said you've
been partying a lot oh really well I
started competing at my dance
competitions and I've just been taking
class and like been really focusing on
finding my personal style and Andrew was
telling us right right i remember that's
one of the main things they said you
feel you're ready i do you feel like
you're at a different place from last
time okay do you remember the promise
Carl it made you the last time you were
here yes to come back out with him in
March and work with him on his shelf
well he's the man who
and if you do well today which I'm sure
you will he's he's prepared to offer you
a part in the show you ready I am
alright this is a type of opportunity
could change your life are you nervous I
am a little bit a little bit nervous but
I'm more excited than anything I think
I'm more excited than your no I don't
think so Carlton here we come men make
you fat how fantastic really this is my
new associate lesson skaters hi hey dude
she has the ultimate essence of what I
wanted to do creatively so I thought I'd
bring her in and she can take this whole
thing to the next level so I make good
on my promise yes yes that I would have
you back so are you ready to show me
this you can make good on yours yes yeah
I say we all get changeable right sounds
good all right cereal in it all right
good we're definitely gonna take what I
need you to do to a whole nother level
than what we did from before all right
there was a little bitty color that I
saw right at the very end when we had to
really kind of push it i think i
mentioned it to you there was a sort of
raw thing that came out and I and that
was the moment for me it really defined
for me that I knew I wanted to have you
back because I got a flavor of something
that I knew I need to get it inside that
more and there's still a couple
different places that I'm trying to see
could be right for you I've got a video
segment that we're about to shoot which
the body movement we're about to do
comes immediately after so let's get
into it we have one two and three four
and five six seven eight yeah that's
like I'm with me were slightly and
mm-hmm and keep coming okay what would
my butt-flap anything slapping wherever
okay yeah and you'll be slapping so it's
12 and wear me out for
4 and 5 1 2 third 0 from six seven eight
one yeah piss me off sick of you peeing
on me God oh that's got to be in there
yes see what I make sure but it's got to
come from your leg not on your arms okay
but yes there you go go go go go go go
Oh what yes that's it yeah yeah it's
exactly okay cool all right gonna do
with the music yeah okay
months
ya go yeah
get you to step out and what okay cool
thanks yep I like her mm-hmm I can feel
she's got a lot of hungriness for it and
she's smart and she's grounded up at the
bottom line is when it comes time to
show what you got mm-hmm so you think
she's just not here's my thought is what
makes that jump happen then is that to
be with hooker other professionals and
watch that happen do you think she's
mature enough to be in an environment
where she can interact I'm saying if
she's got enough going on Brianna hello
come on have a seat how are you I'm good
what is the stuff that you saying you
feel like she definitely needs to go
home and think about homework kind of
things to do when you go back continue
your valet studies or modern studies for
line and for strength mm-hmm so all the
pieces fit together mm-hmm storytelling
you really want to be focused on
storytelling don't lose sight of the
emotional communication that's coming
through I like you I do I like you a lot
and I can tell that you are really
interested in working hard so going to
the video I would love to absolutely
love to therefore people for this one
segment will have you an ability on the
three people
and come back with your a-game never
okay all right you gotta fill me in so
what was the end result well I get to
come back out the end of April and work
with Carlton and Leslie on there I'm
dance video that they're putting
together that's awesome yeah that's what
the show is all about yes yeah that was
our callback clients performance on big
shot live now to view this video or any
of the past episodes simply click the
talent winners tab at the top of the
main page